Lake Loader maintenance instructions for customers (#1148)
snowplow/documentation: docs/api-reference/loaders-storage-targets/lake-loader/configuration-reference/_common_config.md

      Set this to <code>false</code> if you use a query engine that dislikes non-nullable nested fields of a nullable struct.
    </td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td><code>skipSchemas</code></td>
    <td>
      Optional, e.g. <code>["iglu:com.example/skipped1/jsonschema/1-0-0"]</code> or with wildcards <code>["iglu:com.example/skipped2/jsonschema/1-*-*"]</code>.

>       A list of schemas that won't be loaded to BigQuery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A list of schemas that won't be loaded to the lake.
```
